README.md, before:

# HTML Attribute Folder

## IntelliJ Plugin

Annoyed with some html attributes and their length?

This simple and lightweight plugin will help you fold them, so you don't need to see them anymore. Any
template written in XML, HTML, XHTML and DTD is supported by the plugin. The plugin will not edit your real code in any way, and you can choose whether to fold
the items by default, placeholder for folded items, and how the folding looks like.

You can find Dawid's versions on the [IntelliJ marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19715-html-attribute-folder).

## About this project

This project is a fork of the IntelliJ Plugin **HTML Attribute Folder** originally created
by [Dawid Zbiński](https://github.com/Flyrell) 😎

Dawids project has gotten a little older 🤷‍ That's why I created this fork and have already made
the following adjustments:

- [x] Make it run with IntelliJ IDEA 2023.3.4 (UE).
- [x] Using the latest version of dependencies.
- [x] Extract most of the version-numbers into `gradle.properties`.
- [x] Increase the version of the plugin itself. Its now/here version `1.1.0`.

## Issues

- [x] It seems like the list of attributes is not being applied correctly.
  Most of the time it only works with one attribute definition and not with several.
- [x] Add support for keyboard shortcuts (`ctrl alt e`).
- [ ] Adding support for `JS(X)`/`TS(X)`.
- [ ] Testing on other JetBrains Products (need help here, please 🙏)

## Links

- [Dawid Zbiński's repository](https://github.com/Flyrell/html-attribute-folder).
- Dawid's versions on the [IntelliJ marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19715-html-attribute-folder).

## ❤️🙏 Love & Thanks

- [Dawid Zbiński](https://github.com/Flyrell) for creating this project

Commit message:

doc(JSX/TSX): Removing the Issues section and correct version of tested IntelliJ-Products

README.md, after:

# HTML Attribute Folder

## IntelliJ Plugin

Annoyed with some html attributes and their length?

This simple and lightweight plugin will help you fold them, so you don't need to see them anymore. Any
template written in XML, HTML, XHTML and DTD is supported by the plugin. The plugin will not edit your real code in any way, and you can choose whether to fold
the items by default, placeholder for folded items, and how the folding looks like.

You can find Dawid's versions on the [IntelliJ marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19715-html-attribute-folder).

## About this project

This project is a fork of the IntelliJ Plugin **HTML Attribute Folder** originally created
by [Dawid Zbiński](https://github.com/Flyrell) 😎

Dawid's project has gotten a little older 🤷‍ That's why I created this fork and have already made
the following adjustments:

- [x] Make it run with:
  - IntelliJ 2023.1.5 (Community Edition)
  - IntelliJ 2023.1.5 (Ultimate Edition)
- [x] Using the latest version of dependencies.
- [x] Extract most of the version-numbers into `gradle.properties`.
- [x] Increase the version of the plugin itself. Its now/here version `1.1.0`.

## Links

- [Dawid Zbiński's repository](https://github.com/Flyrell/html-attribute-folder).
- Dawid's versions on the [IntelliJ marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19715-html-attribute-folder).

## ❤️🙏 Love & Thanks

- [Dawid Zbiński](https://github.com/Flyrell) for creating this project
